docs/docs/element-api.rst, before:

The Element API
=========================

For users who want a little more control over how
their markdown is formatted, SnakeMD provides a low-level
API constructed of elements.

Element Interface
-----------------

Broadly speaking, anything that can be rendered as markdown
is known as an element. Below is the element interface. 

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Element
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

For practical purposes, elements cannot be constructed directly.
Instead, they are broken down into two main categories:
block and inline. 

Block Elements
--------------

SnakeMD block elements borrow from the idea of block-level elements
from HTML. And because Markdown documents are constructed from a
series of blocks, users of SnakeMD can seemlessly append their own
custom blocks using the :func:`snakemd.Document.add_block` method. To make use
of this method, blocks must be imported and constructed manually,
like the following :class:`snakemd.Heading` example:

.. code-block:: python 

   from snakemd import Heading, new_doc
   doc = new_doc()
   doc.add_block(Heading("Hello, World!", 2))

The remainder of this section introduces the Block interface
as well as all of the Blocks currently available for use. 

Block Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

All markdown blocks inherit from the Block interface. 

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Block
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Code
^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Code
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Heading
^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Heading
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

HorizontalRule
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.HorizontalRule
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

MDList
^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.MDList
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Paragraph
^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Paragraph
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Quote
^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Quote
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Raw
^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Raw
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Table
^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Table
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Inline Elements
---------------

One of the benefits of creating Block elements over using the 
Document methods is the control users now have
over the underlying structure and style. Instead of being
bound to the string inputs, users can provide Inline elements
directly. For example, there is often a need to link Headings.
This is not exactly possible through the Document methods as even
the returned Heading object has no support for linking. However,
with Inline elements, we can create a custom Heading to our
standards:

.. code-block:: python 

   from snakemd import Heading, Inline, new_doc
   doc = new_doc()    
   doc.add_block(Heading(Inline("Hello, World!", "https://snakemd.io"), 2))

The remainder of this section introduces the Inline class.

Inline
^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Inline
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

Incorporated More Precise Language Throughout Docs as Well as Doctests (#129)
* Reorganized resources page

* Expanded MDList docs

* Cleaned up MDList docs

* Added a value error for checklist mismatches

* Added raises exception to docs

* Added value error for checklist issues

* Added a nested test

* Incremented beta to b2

* Working through better documenting params

* Cleaned up inline text docs

* Added my first doctest

* Toying with doctest

* Added str definition to docs

* Working through code samples

* Working through doctests

* Slowly working through tests

* Updated action

* Fully tested inline

* Fixed up element API

* Slightly reworked promote

* Composed 40 doctests

* Working through code examples

* Caught a nasty bug in table

* Working through doctests

* Added ordered list test

* Added table doctests

* Added code code block

* Added doctests for entire repo

* Added fluent interface pattern to docs

* Working through docs

* Added missing docs to Code

* Cleaned up docs

* Fixed escape sequence

* Added sphinx reqs to build as well

docs/docs/element-api.rst, after:

The Element API
=========================

For users who want a little more control over how
their markdown is formatted, SnakeMD provides a low-level
API constructed of elements.

Element Interface
-----------------

Broadly speaking, anything that can be rendered as markdown
is known as an element. Below is the element interface. 

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Element
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

For consistency, element mutators all return self to allow
for method chaining. This is sometimes referred to as the
fluent interface pattern, and it's particularly useful
for applying a series of changes to a single element. This
design choice most obviously shines in both :class:`snakemd.Paragraph`, 
which allows different aspects of the text to be replaced
over a series of chained methods, and :class:`snakemd.Inline`,
which allows inline elements to be styled over a series of
chained methods. 

For practical purposes, elements cannot be constructed directly.
Instead, they are broken down into two main categories:
block and inline. 

Block Elements
--------------

SnakeMD block elements borrow from the idea of block-level elements
from HTML. And because Markdown documents are constructed from a
series of blocks, users of SnakeMD can seemlessly append their own
custom blocks using the :func:`snakemd.Document.add_block` method. To make use
of this method, blocks must be imported and constructed manually,
like the following :class:`snakemd.Heading` example:

.. doctest:: block

   >>> from snakemd import Heading, new_doc
   >>> doc = new_doc()
   >>> heading = doc.add_block(Heading("Hello, World!", 2))

The remainder of this section introduces the Block interface
as well as all of the Blocks currently available for use. 

Block Interface
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

All markdown blocks inherit from the Block interface. 

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Block
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Code
^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Code
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Heading
^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Heading
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

HorizontalRule
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.HorizontalRule
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

MDList
^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.MDList
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Paragraph
^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Paragraph
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Quote
^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Quote
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Raw
^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Raw
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Table
^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Table
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__

Inline Elements
---------------

One of the benefits of creating Block elements over using the 
Document methods is the control users now have
over the underlying structure and style. Instead of being
bound to the string inputs, users can provide Inline elements
directly. For example, there is often a need to link Headings.
This is not exactly possible through the Document methods as even
the returned Heading object has no support for linking. However,
with Inline elements, we can create a custom Heading to our
standards:

.. doctest:: inline

   >>> from snakemd import Heading, Inline, new_doc
   >>> doc = new_doc()    
   >>> heading = doc.add_block(Heading(Inline("Hello, World!", "https://snakemd.io"), 2))

The remainder of this section introduces the Inline class.

Inline
^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Inline
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
   :special-members: __str__
