docs/docs/template-api.rst, before:

The Template API
================

While the document and element APIs are available
for folks who are already somewhat familiar with Markdown,
a template system is slowly being developed for folks who
are looking for a bit more convenience. Ultimately, these
folks can expect support for typical document sections such
as tables of contents, footers, copyrights, and more.

Template Interface
------------------

To allow for templates to be integrated with documents
seamlessly, the Template interface was developed to
inherit directly from the Element interface, just like
Block and Inline.

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Template
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Templates
---------

The template library is humble but growing. Feel free
to share your ideas for templates on the project page
or `Discord <https://discord.gg/Jhmtj7Z>`_. Otherwise,
the existing templates can be found below.

TableOfContents
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.TableOfContents
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

Added further docs about extending the template library

docs/docs/template-api.rst, after:

The Template API
================

While the document and element APIs are available
for folks who are already somewhat familiar with Markdown,
a template system is slowly being developed for folks who
are looking for a bit more convenience. Ultimately, these
folks can expect support for typical document sections such
as tables of contents, footers, copyrights, and more.

Template Interface
------------------

To allow for templates to be integrated with documents
seamlessly, the Template interface was developed to
inherit directly from the Element interface, just like
Block and Inline.

.. autoclass:: snakemd.Template
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:

Templates
---------

The template library is humble but growing. Feel free
to share your ideas for templates on the project page
or `Discord <https://discord.gg/Jhmtj7Z>`_. If you'd
like to help create templates, the interface is 
available for subclassing. Your templates can either
be included directly in snakemd, or you're free
to create your own template library by importing
snakemd. In the former case, the template should
make use of the Python standard library and not
depend on external dependencies. In the latter case,
that restriction does not apply. With that said,
the existing templates can be found below.

TableOfContents
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. autoclass:: snakemd.TableOfContents
   :members:
   :undoc-members:
   :show-inheritance:
