README.md, before:

# Welcome to SnakeMD!

SnakeMD is your ticket to generating markdown in Python. To prove it to you, we've generated this entire README using SnakeMD. See readme.py for how it was done. To get started, download and install SnakeMD:

```shell
pip install snakemd
```

In the remainder of this document, we'll show you all of the things this library can do. For more information, check out the official documentation [here](https://snakemd.therenegadecoder.com).

## Table of Contents

Below you'll find the table of contents, but these can also be generated programatically for every markdown document.

```py
def _table_of_contents(doc: Document):
    doc.add_table_of_contents()
```

1. [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
2. [Paragraphs](#paragraphs)
3. [Links](#links)
4. [Images](#images)
5. [Lists](#lists)
6. [Tables](#tables)
7. [Code Blocks](#code-blocks)
8. [Quotes](#quotes)
9. [Horizontal Rule](#horizontal-rule)

## Paragraphs

Paragraphs are the most basic feature of any markdown file. As a result, they are very easy to create using SnakeMD.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _paragraph(doc: Document):
    doc.add_paragraph("I think. Therefore, I am.")
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
I think. Therefore, I am.
```

*Rendered Result*

I think. Therefore, I am.

## Links

Links are targets to files or web pages and can be embedded in a Paragraph using InlineText.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _link(doc: Document):
    doc.add_element(Paragraph([
        InlineText("Learn to program with"),
        InlineText("The Renegade Coder", url="https://therenegadecoder.com")
    ]))
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
Learn to program with [The Renegade Coder](https://therenegadecoder.com)
```

*Rendered Result*

Learn to program with [The Renegade Coder](https://therenegadecoder.com)

## Images

Images can be added by embedding InlineText in a Paragraph.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _image(doc: Document):
    logo = "https://therenegadecoder.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/header-logo-without-tag-300x75.png"
    doc.add_element(Paragraph([InlineText("Logo", url=logo, image=True)]))
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
![Logo](https://therenegadecoder.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/header-logo-without-tag-300x75.png)
```

*Rendered Result*

![Logo](https://therenegadecoder.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/header-logo-without-tag-300x75.png)

## Lists

SnakeMD can make a variety of markdown lists. The two main types of lists are ordered and unordered.

### Ordered List

Ordered lists are lists in which the order of the items matters. As a result, we number them.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _ordered_list(doc: Document):
    doc.add_ordered_list(["Deku", "Bakugo", "Uraraka", "Tsuyu"])
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
1. Deku
2. Bakugo
3. Uraraka
4. Tsuyu
```

*Rendered Result*

1. Deku
2. Bakugo
3. Uraraka
4. Tsuyu

### Unordered List

Unordered lists are lists in which the order of the items does not matter. As a result, we bullet them.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _unordered_list(doc: Document):
    doc.add_unordered_list(["Crosby", "Malkin", "Lemieux"])
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
- Crosby
- Malkin
- Lemieux
```

*Rendered Result*

- Crosby
- Malkin
- Lemieux

### Nested List

Nested lists are complex lists that contain lists. Currently, SnakeMD does not support any convenience methods to generate nested lists, but they can be created manually using the MDList object.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _nested_list(doc: Document):
    doc.add_element(
        MDList([
            InlineText("Apples"),
            InlineText("Onions"),
            MDList([
                InlineText("Sweet"),
                InlineText("Red")
            ]),
            Paragraph([InlineText("This is the end of the list!")])
        ])
    )
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
- Apples
- Onions
  - Sweet
  - Red
- This is the end of the list!
```

*Rendered Result*

- Apples
- Onions
  - Sweet
  - Red
- This is the end of the list!

## Tables

Tables are sets of rows and columns which can display text in a grid. To style any of the contents of a table, consider using InlineText.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _table(doc: Document):
    doc.add_table(
        ["Height (cm)", "Weight (kg)", "Age (y)"],
        [
            ['150', '70', '21'],
            ['164', '75', '19'],
            ['181', '87', '40']
        ]
    )
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
Height (cm) | Weight (kg) | Age (y)
----------- | ----------- | -------
150         | 70          | 21     
164         | 75          | 19     
181         | 87          | 40     
```

*Rendered Result*

Height (cm) | Weight (kg) | Age (y)
----------- | ----------- | -------
150         | 70          | 21     
164         | 75          | 19     
181         | 87          | 40     

## Code Blocks

Code blocks are a form of structured text for sharing code snippets with syntax highlighting.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _code(doc: Document):
    doc.add_code("x = 5", lang="py")
```

*Markdown Source*

````markdown
```py
x = 5
```
````

*Rendered Result*

```py
x = 5
```

## Quotes

Quotes are blocks of text that represent quotes from people.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _quote(doc: Document):
    doc.add_quote("How Now Brown Cow")
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
> How Now Brown Cow
```

*Rendered Result*

> How Now Brown Cow

## Horizontal Rule

Horizontal Rules are visible dividers in a document.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _horizontal_rule(doc: Document):
    doc.add_horizontal_rule()
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
---
```

*Rendered Result*

---

Commit message:

Upgrade SnakeMD to v0.4.0 (#24)
* Added tons of logging information

* Added link documentation

* Fixed nasty spacing issue

* Updated README

* Updated testing

* Expanded string support in API

* Fixed import

* Incremented version

* Updated version history document

* Updated version history

* Added string support to header

* Expanded support for strings in MDList

* Added various tests

* Wrote my first table test

* Writing more tests

* Added inline and paragraph tests

* Adding docs

* Added table align support

* Added align docs

* Updated version history

* Updated README to account for changes

* Added yet more documentation

* Added a few more logs

* Added a few more docs

README.md, after:

# Welcome to SnakeMD!

SnakeMD is your ticket to generating markdown in Python. To prove it to you, we've generated this entire README using SnakeMD. See readme.py for how it was done. To get started, download and install SnakeMD:

```shell
pip install snakemd
```

In the remainder of this document, we'll show you all of the things this library can do. For more information, check out the official documentation [here](https://snakemd.therenegadecoder.com).

## Table of Contents

Below you'll find the table of contents, but these can also be generated programatically for every markdown document.

```py
def _table_of_contents(doc: Document):
    doc.add_table_of_contents()
```

1. [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
2. [Paragraphs](#paragraphs)
3. [Links](#links)
4. [Images](#images)
5. [Lists](#lists)
6. [Tables](#tables)
7. [Code Blocks](#code-blocks)
8. [Quotes](#quotes)
9. [Horizontal Rule](#horizontal-rule)

## Paragraphs

Paragraphs are the most basic feature of any markdown file. As a result, they are very easy to create using SnakeMD.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _paragraph(doc: Document):
    doc.add_paragraph("I think. Therefore, I am.")
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
I think. Therefore, I am.
```

*Rendered Result*

I think. Therefore, I am.

## Links

Links are targets to files or web pages and can be embedded in a Paragraph in a variety of ways. As of v0.2.0, we're able to add links to existing paragraphs using the insert_link() method. Even better, in v0.4.0, we can chain these insert_link() calls.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _insert_link(doc: Document):
    doc.add_paragraph("Learn to program with The Renegade Coder (@RenegadeCoder94).") \
        .insert_link("The Renegade Coder", "https://therenegadecoder.com") \
        .insert_link("@RenegadeCoder94", "https://twitter.com/RenegadeCoder94")
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
Learn to program with [The Renegade Coder](https://therenegadecoder.com) ([@RenegadeCoder94](https://twitter.com/RenegadeCoder94)).
```

*Rendered Result*

Learn to program with [The Renegade Coder](https://therenegadecoder.com) ([@RenegadeCoder94](https://twitter.com/RenegadeCoder94)).

## Images

Images can be added by embedding InlineText in a Paragraph.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _image(doc: Document):
    logo = "https://therenegadecoder.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/header-logo-without-tag-300x75.png"
    doc.add_element(Paragraph([InlineText("Logo", url=logo, image=True)]))
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
![Logo](https://therenegadecoder.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/header-logo-without-tag-300x75.png)
```

*Rendered Result*

![Logo](https://therenegadecoder.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/header-logo-without-tag-300x75.png)

## Lists

SnakeMD can make a variety of markdown lists. The two main types of lists are ordered and unordered.

### Ordered List

Ordered lists are lists in which the order of the items matters. As a result, we number them.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _ordered_list(doc: Document):
    doc.add_ordered_list(["Deku", "Bakugo", "Uraraka", "Tsuyu"])
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
1. Deku
2. Bakugo
3. Uraraka
4. Tsuyu
```

*Rendered Result*

1. Deku
2. Bakugo
3. Uraraka
4. Tsuyu

### Unordered List

Unordered lists are lists in which the order of the items does not matter. As a result, we bullet them.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _unordered_list(doc: Document):
    doc.add_unordered_list(["Crosby", "Malkin", "Lemieux"])
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
- Crosby
- Malkin
- Lemieux
```

*Rendered Result*

- Crosby
- Malkin
- Lemieux

### Nested List

Nested lists are complex lists that contain lists. Currently, SnakeMD does not support any convenience methods to generate nested lists, but they can be created manually using the MDList object. As of v0.4.0, you can forego the InlineText elements if you don't need them.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _nested_list(doc: Document):
    doc.add_element(
        MDList([
            "Apples",
            InlineText("Onions"),
            MDList([
                "Sweet",
                "Red"
            ]),
            Paragraph(["This is the end of the list!"])
        ])
    )
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
- Apples
- Onions
  - Sweet
  - Red
- This is the end of the list!
```

*Rendered Result*

- Apples
- Onions
  - Sweet
  - Red
- This is the end of the list!

## Tables

Tables are sets of rows and columns which can display text in a grid. To style any of the contents of a table, consider using Paragraph or InlineText. As of v0.4.0, you can also align the columns of the table using the Table.Align enum.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _table(doc: Document):
    doc.add_table(
        ["Height (cm)", "Weight (kg)", "Age (y)"],
        [
            ['150', '70', '21'],
            ['164', '75', '19'],
            ['181', '87', '40']
        ],
        [Table.Align.LEFT, Table.Align.CENTER, Table.Align.RIGHT]
    )
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
| Height (cm) | Weight (kg) | Age (y) |
| :---------- | :---------: | ------: |
| 150         | 70          | 21      |
| 164         | 75          | 19      |
| 181         | 87          | 40      |
```

*Rendered Result*

| Height (cm) | Weight (kg) | Age (y) |
| :---------- | :---------: | ------: |
| 150         | 70          | 21      |
| 164         | 75          | 19      |
| 181         | 87          | 40      |

## Code Blocks

Code blocks are a form of structured text for sharing code snippets with syntax highlighting.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _code(doc: Document):
    doc.add_code("x = 5", lang="py")
```

*Markdown Source*

````markdown
```py
x = 5
```
````

*Rendered Result*

```py
x = 5
```

## Quotes

Quotes are blocks of text that represent quotes from people.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _quote(doc: Document):
    doc.add_quote("How Now Brown Cow")
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
> How Now Brown Cow
```

*Rendered Result*

> How Now Brown Cow

## Horizontal Rule

Horizontal Rules are visible dividers in a document.

*SnakeMD Source*

```py
def _horizontal_rule(doc: Document):
    doc.add_horizontal_rule()
```

*Markdown Source*

```markdown
---
```

*Rendered Result*

---
